docs(key-concepts): update terminology. (#39)
flatland-association/flatland-book: key-concepts/simulation_model.md

### Flatland Transition Maps

| Concept        | Grid                                                                                   | Graph                                                                                                                       |
|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Entry Point    | Row, column, entry direction.                                                          | An abstract **node** or **vertex** without further structure (e.g. a string ID).                                            |

> | Configuration  | Long form: Pair entry point, next entry point. Short form: row, column, exit direction | A pair (ordered tuple) of **node**s defines a directed **edge**.                                                            |

Reviewer: What is the use of the short form? Because it is not the same (different first entry points can have the same second entry point and direction)

Author: Good point. In the grid world with cells as resources all of length 1, there is no loss of information for the current simulation approach, I think, that's all we need to continue the simulation. However, you're right, we lose the information where we came from.

> | Transition Map | For each Entry Point, which are possible successor Entry Point.                        | The graph.                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Transition Map | Possible successor Entry Points for each Entry Point.                        | The graph.                                                                                                                  |
```

> | Agent State    | Coordinate, next coordinate, offset, speed, malfunction_counter, done.                 | Edge, offset, speed, malfunction counter, done.                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Agent State    | Entry Point, configuration, offset, speed, malfunction_counter, done.                 | Edge, offset, speed, malfunction counter, done.                                                                             |
```

Author: Should it not be:
```suggestion
| Agent State    | Entry Point, next Entry Point, offset, speed, malfunction_counter, done.                 | Edge, offset, speed, malfunction counter, done.                                                                             |
```

Reviewer: That makes sense, yes. 
But "Entry Point, next Entry Point" would then also correspond to (long form) configuration

Author: Indeed, that's long form.
```suggestion
| Agent State    | Configuration, offset, speed, malfunction_counter, done.                 | Edge, offset, speed, malfunction counter, done.                                                                             |
```
